Workflow limitations change (#4367)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/building-blocks/workflow/workflow-overview.md

## Limitations

- **State stores:** Due to underlying limitations in some database choices, more commonly NoSQL databases, you might run into limitations around storing internal states. For example, CosmosDB has a maximum single operation item limit of only 100 states in a single request.

> - **Horizontal scaling:** As of the 1.12.0 beta release of Dapr Workflow, it is recommended to use a maximum of two instances of Dapr per workflow application. This limiation is resolved in Dapr 1.14.x when enabling the scehduler service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Horizontal scaling:** As of the 1.12.0 beta release of Dapr Workflow, it is recommended to use a maximum of two instances of Dapr per workflow application. This limitation is resolved in Dapr 1.14.x when enabling the scheduler service.
```

To enable the scheduler service to work for Dapr Workflows, make sure you're using Dapr 1.14.x or later and assign the following configuration to your app:

```yaml
apiVersion: dapr.io/v1alpha1
kind: Configuration
metadata:
  name: schedulerconfig
spec:
  tracing:
    samplingRate: "1"
  features:
    - name: SchedulerReminders
      enabled: true
```

> See more info about how to enable preview features [Here]({{<ref preview-features>}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See more info about [enabling preview features]({{<ref preview-features>}}).
```
